How do you speak for him?
Cher, I only have you in my heart
How could you possibly speak for him?
Brother Ah Cheng
Oh.
Did you say before that the suicide note at home was found?
I searched the house and couldn't find it?
It's okay. It's okay.
Han Chan, can our Mo family
Become the heroic hand of Sioux City
It's all up to you
Father, what can I do?
Do you have an impression of the rising star writer of Sioux City?
They suddenly rise
After I inquired secretly
Discover that writers can rise
It all depends on something in the left lady's hands
You pick up his daughter
Tell this what
Try to get it
Zuo Yin has not been made sick by Liu Tiger now
It should be that doctor
Over the years
Zuo Yin is strict and ruthless
No matter how you ask, you can't show it for a long time, okay?
If it weren't for Zunxuan
I still didn't know you were
Mr. Liu
This little friend is so cheap at a young age
You won't be active and nameless in medicine, will you?
I didn't know he was Old Man Chen.
This little friend is also called by you.
Although he has a solid medical foundation
But age is here
Is his medical achievement better than mine?
Zijin diligent and thrifty
What you sent is too casual.
Your blood bar can be higher than mine
In front of the master
I'm just a little brother
Liu Lao, you really can joke
The Ling family also asks you to give
The young master next door really treated it
You can see that you're all at a loss.
But what about the master?
Take a surgery down
Let the little master, this striking power
Back from the dead?
No way. It's troubled times syndrome.